Let's modify our model a little bit,
so after doing MaxPooling,
we can simply connect.
Or we can have multiple convolution
layers if we want, but yeah,
let's quickly go through this code
example and see what we do in here.
So once again, we're using TensorFlow
importing our mnist data set from Keras.
Callback function,
pretty useful if you want to do
something during the training part.
So for instance, when we used a model fit,
I'll fix this error in a second.
So I can specify callback and
this function, in our case,
myCallback function will be
executed on every epoch_end.
And it just simply comparing was
the current accuracy of our training run.
And if it's, for instance, larger than
99% I can simply terminate my run.
So if you don't know how many epochs
you need to run your training,
but you want to get to your particular
accuracy, that's one of the way to do it.
You just specify, okay, I just wanna
get to 95% accuracy and then I'm done.
And this callback will terminate
my fitting process as soon
as we get to 95% accuracy.